Update 2025-07-111-train-linear-regression-model-dbt-bigframes.md (#7684)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/blog/2025-07-111-train-linear-regression-model-dbt-bigframes.md

<!-- truncate -->

> > Refer to the [BigFrames guide](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/bigquery-dataframes-introduction) or [dbt guides](/guides/dbt-python-bigframes?step=1) to learn more.

Reviewer: It should be https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/dataframes-dbt for [BigFrames guide].

> > Refer to the [BigFrames guide](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/bigquery-dataframes-introduction) or [dbt guides](/guides/dbt-python-bigframes?step=1) to learn more.

Author: ```suggestion
> Refer to these guides to learn more: [Use BigQuery DataFrames in dbt](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/dataframes-dbt) or [Using BigQuery DataFrames with dbt Python models](/guides/dbt-python-bigframes?step=1).
```
